yeah i've admitted to being associate
sociopath before and at least one of my
videos and in the comment section i've
admitted to it um on the vegan
revolution podcast i've even said i'm a
sociopath this is the voice of jasmine
gaines
and children
outside this is nick from youtube
english
we have the moral high ground that is
what i want you to know okay
i want to be very clear with all of you
it doesn't matter
how many times
i
called richard the n-word on camera
it doesn't matter that richard supported
white supremacists on their channel
even though those white supremacists not
only wanted to kick all of the black
people out of the united states but
specifically said they would kick out
richard
it doesn't matter how many times
richard had knives on camera guns on
camera how many times he directly made
threats of violence to people we have
the moral high ground
and you know why
because it's art
richard is an artist none of you
appreciate his heart
if richard films himself
going to costco
that is art
and if you can appreciate it you
shouldn't even be on the internet
you don't understand
the internet is not a place where two
different people can have two different
opinions
and discuss it okay no
no
the internet is a place
where richard is a great
artist
who stockpiles
guns and ammunition and swords
and you know those those knives that are
like little flip knives and other
stabbing implements in his
apartment and makes threats about people
and talks about his violent fantasies
about wanting to kill people babies
children whatever doesn't matter doesn't
matter art
art okay
and if someone suggests to him
that his time
could be better spent reading a book
instead of playing video games for three
hours at a time
that person is bad and evil and wrong
and deserves all the insults and
harassment and threats of violence and
invitations to have you know some kind
of boxing match i don't know i don't
watch that stuff with richard whenever
he's in the other room watching mma i
just i just close the door and try to
try to livestream try to think happy
thoughts while i'm simulating myself
shooting people in the head in iraq and
afghanistan okay art art
we have the moral high ground
do you remember that time
when one of the most successful youtube
channels that there is grade a under a
made a very mild and very funny
criticism of richard that was also
completely true
and richard responded by uploading a
video
that was so vile
so violent
so vulgar and so inappropriate that it
was almost immediately banned from
youtube do you remember that
well forget it
because we have the moral high ground
and it doesn't matter
how wrong we are
even if i'm wrong we're right
now sign up to our patreon and give me
your money because this youtube thing
isn't working out anymore okay
this isn't something people ask me about
it's something people bluntly say to me
all the time earlier today i was talking
to a room of vegans
30 40 50 i didn't ask people
older mature vegans and someone just
said flatly i hate being in the same
category
so i've talked about that under other
headaches we're like you know you guys
heard me say we have this guy
durianrider who's dragging the name of
vegas into the march we have to see if
that but i mean it's just you know it
wasn't the main type of conversation but
it came up sincerely
the guy said at one point he said look
couldn't we come up with a better
definition of can't we come up with
something so that people do not perceive
me as being in the same category as
vegan gains now i don't know other
things i mean look we're partly talking
about a real world phenomenon a
political phenomenon a movement we are
partly talking about an internet
phenomenon right
i i don't know if
the comic book youtubers wake up that
way they're like i just i just can't
stand making content in the same
category as those spider-man people
can't the x-men people in this but i
don't know if it runs that deep hello
everybody
i'm vegan gaines
i'm sorry if my voice sounds unusual or
if the movement of my lips is not really
perfectly in sync with the words that
i'm saying
it's because i have a disease called
canadian
anyway
i just wanted to update you all about
what happened with youtube deleting my
channel
if there's one thing i know
it's not my fault
there's no way anyone could look at this
list of community
guidelines with concepts like harassment
and think that i was the one violating
them no no no no no no
it's somebody else's fault that's what i
have to explain to you and i don't
really know if i should blame like the
corporations or like the internet or
like bad people in the audience but
trust me trust me on this guys it's not
my fault
um
i also want to say
looking back at the five years of my
life like that just went past there's
nothing i regret no no it's not it's not
like i had the opportunity of a lifetime
handed to me for no particular reason
and with not very much effort in my part
and i just threw that away no no no no
no no when i look back at the last i use
my life i don't think hmm
amount of time spent playing video games
versus amount of time doing legitimate
vegan activism
versus amount of time doing like like
filmmaking because like my career on
youtube is being able no no no no no so
in conclusion
everything bad is somebody else's fault
um
on twitter i describe myself as having
like an education channel did you see
that did you see that when i complained
when i made myself out to be the victim
i said like i do like science education
for vegan diets it's hilarious
um yeah give me money bye
did vegan gains win
in a perfect world
should he win should he have won
would the world be a better place
if vegan gains got to play the role of
super victim and advocate for freedom of
speech
crying that youtube unfairly punished
him when he is just an innocent science
education channel and then at the same
time he can turn around
and claim that my channel which
obviously has no claim to being of
educational value whatsoever right
that my channel
is guilty of exactly the crime he was
just accused of and i should be shut
down and censored on that same basis
this is the final email i sent to
richard it's on my blog it was posted to
my blog several days after i sent it to
him when it seemed clear that he was not
going to reply okay so we'll make a
video proceeding with your statement
that one you do not currently own real
firearms because the police do not allow
you to
under the terms of your probation two
correct me if i'm wrong but you have
lied and you continue to lie in claiming
that you do not own any real weapons you
claim that all of your rep weapons are
quote unquote fake and quote unquote
toys because the knives assault batons
swords etc are indeed real weapons
you still want to own guns in the future
as soon as you are allowed to do so
legally is this correct do you want to
clarify what your position on firearms
ownership is
do you believe that someone who has
hallucinations of the kind you describe
yourself
including auditory hallucinations quote
unquote hearing voices that are not
there
having a paranoid and aggressive
reaction to strangers with the specific
delusion that people are trying to kill
you when they just say hello to you or
shake hands with you etc do you think
that sort of person should be allowed to
own use and carry firearms
if i describe that person to you as
someone other than yourself
would you agree with the statement quote
the government is justified in doubting
the responsibility
to safely use firearms close quote do
you think that the military will be
willing to recruit or employ someone
with this list of symptoms and to trust
them to use guns responsibly in a high
pressure situation would you not agree
that someone who had your checklist of
symptoms might be disqualified from
owning or carrying firearms in at least
some democratic countries
richard when people write into me saying
he should be on psychiatric medication i
wrote back saying no he should just take
a vow that he's not going to do any of
these things again
you say that you're a changed man
what you're showing me is that you
haven't changed you presented yourself
as a victim of censorship you then
become a hypocrite the moment it suits
you quote unquote you're putting me and
my wife in danger as if this were any
more true of you than for example a
bodybuilder claiming that his life is in
danger if his apartment is searched for
legal drugs because you've accused him
of using illegal drugs
richard you have just been morally
grandstanding about the rights of free
speech critique and satire and then the
moment it's convenient for you you do
everything in your power to quote
unquote oppress someone else
while continuing to play the victim card